Welcome back everyone.
We've already seen how to run our site and test the capabilities of registering logging in and logging
out as users as well as updating a user account.
Now it's time to move off to the second main component which is the blog post component so we'll start
off by setting up the forms for creating a new blog post and then we'll move on to connecting the views
to the blog post templates.
Let's get started.
So we're going to do this lecture is just set up our forms for our blog posts.
So underneath the blog posts directory I have this forms up high file.
So underneath blog posts right now we're in forums stop PI and this will actually be a pretty simple
form to set up.
We're just going to say from flask WCF import flask form then we'll save from the beauty forms import
and we'll say String Field submit field and then text area field Ritchies in text area because that's
going to be the larger text portion of a blog post.
And then finally you will added some validators so we don't just have empty blog posts will say from
W.T. forums that validators import data required then we'll just set up a simple class here.
Call it blog post form will inherit from flask form and we really just have two things we need to check.
One is that the tiles been provided.
So say the string field title and then the validators.
We're actually going to require a title in order to display correctly and then the text of the actual
blog post.
So that's going to be a text field to give the user more room than will say text and then the validator.
Here again is just going to be data required then to have a submit button to submit their form.
Remember by default we actually have the date of the blog post automatically set to when they hit this
button.
So the Submit field will go ahead and just saying like post.
You can also say blog post whatever you want that button to say so save that and we successfully set
up our forms for our blog posts.
So pretty short lecture because coming up next we're going to the harder part which is actually setting
up the views we'll see at the next lecture where we set up the views for the blog posts.